Update whats-new.md (#12005)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/whats-new.md

- **In preview**: Scan for sensitive information in images with support for [optical character recognition](ocr-learn-about.md).
- **In preview**: Save a copy of items that match DLP policies to Azure storage [Learn about evidence collection for file activities on devices (preview)](dlp-copy-matched-items-learn.md) and [Get started with collecting files that match data loss prevention policies from devices (preview)](dlp-copy-matched-items-get-started.md).

> - **General availability (GA)**: Data Loss Prevention policies in Power BI to automatically detect sensitive infromation as it is being uploaded into Power BI and take immediate remediation actions. [Learn about Data Loss Prevention policies in Power BI)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/dlp-powerbi-get-started?view=o365-worldwide)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **General availability (GA)**: Data loss prevention policies in Power BI to automatically detect sensitive information as it is being uploaded into Power BI and take immediate remediation actions. [Learn about data loss prevention policies in Power BI)](/microsoft-365/compliance/dlp-powerbi-get-started).
```
